hey yo what's going on guys DJ's here
and bring you guys a game of domination
scrapyard ground war and this is a
tactical nuke this is my tnt series my
tactical nuke Tuesdays and I will be in
Hawaii when you guys watch this video
I'm so excited but I'm pre-recording
this video because I will be on vacation
so hopefully I'm having fun and if you
don't follow my instagram it's actually
at hess kicks it's h es que I cks I
believe it's in the description but
basically that's my sneaker channel but
i'll be posting pictures i'm sure from
hawaii over there if you guys are
curious i might do some maybe not v logs
but some videos from hawaii you guys are
interested as well let me know i'll be
there for for a little bits 10 days or
so or nine days looking forward to
vacation no man i know i just went to to
Vegas but ended up booking a couple
trips back to back so I could have a
little bit of fun and anyway this is a
nuke on scrapyard one of my favorite
maps you know it's one of those things
that you you love this map or you hate
this map it can get really really hectic
i'm not going to lie but and you know
there's those people that snipe back in
the buildings and they just camp out the
whole time as well so can be frustrating
but if you play this map well and you
have a team that doesn't screw over with
all of the spawns and stuff and ends up
working out pretty decent this this
location right here depending on where
the enemy is is really clutch you can
see I'm just firing off the islands
wherever as you like I kind of always do
I was just used to fire off the javelin
a lot of people were wondering how I
like fell into like love with this
javelin and I don't know man I just one
of those things where I just started
using it and I like I remember seeing
one time I remember actually not now
that i think about it one time in
particular on afghan i was at the top of
the hill you know how you people go up
at the top of hill like kind of stupid
and then and then people end up killing
you i was at the top of the hill on
afghan and i was like all of a sudden i
got killed and somebody got a quad and
all
the sudden I was like what just happened
that dudes just killed four of us with
that javelin and at that point I was
like I must learn you like I was just
like I have to learn how this thing
works so at that point I decided to to
just go for it and try to figure out how
to use it because I didn't understand
how it locked on or anything like that
once I figured out how locked on and
everything it was just awesome dude and
after my first like double or triple and
then my first quad kill I was just
hooked ever since and then I was like
man I didn't even realize like how much
it could help towards getting tactical
nukes I mean I've some sometimes I'll
get a quad and then just get two more
and then get my Harriers so definitely
it can be helpful you just have to win
with locations and I have a ton of
locations for modern warfare 2 maybe I
should do a javelin spot like tutorial
or something like that for all the maps
or something because there's a whole
bunch of spots that I use and depending
on if you have the a or the B flag like
if we since we have B and C there's a
couple different spots that that i use
to hit the a flag that are really really
well place right now i'm taking a little
bit easy since i took they shot down my
my harrier and i'm trying to to get one
more killer so feel like at this i think
an ac-130 maybe two more kills wonder
that guy maybe maybe my AC 130 yeah Maya
Harrier gummy like one kill from the air
strike that was probably the worst
Harrier ever and now i have my chopper
gunner now this isn't what i usually use
usually I'm all about the ac-130 but
sometimes I'll switch it up and try to
do chopper and this is just one of those
games where I was doing that reason why
I choppers kind of a pain you can see
the distance on this map especially it's
like you're you're coming in from
overseas or something it takes so long
to start being able to kill people from
the chopper gunner but this thing does
like some work man if you have a good
connection the chopper gunner is just
crazy and in my opinion like a lot of
times if I get into three bar lobbies
and stuff chopper gunner is the way to
go versus a c-130 by time you threw it
on the burst of the ac-130 it usually
lags and
I won't be able to get actually kills
with it so that's something I've found
so maybe that's why I was switching up
to the chopper who really knows but chop
we're gonna go into town right here man
I definitely uh ma'am it makes me want
to start playing modern warfare 2 again
like I haven't again put in the game in
a little bit so I'm gonna have to to do
some open lobbies with you guys and get
some games and try doing ps3 before and
you saw that i did a road to 10 that
took me a while man because all the
hacked lobbies and ps3 other than that
it wasn't so bad the controls weren't so
bad the players weren't bad or anything
like that just something all the hacked
lobbies were bad anyway I went to town
on that chopper gunner man got like 30
or something like that and then I end up
killing myself we're trying to kill
myself so I could try to try to go for a
double but I no such luck the double
nuke thing didn't happen so I'm just
going to fast forward it to the point
where I call him a nuke and the other
team has an ac-130 up so I was like okay
I'm time to do this but yeah the other
team was about to win and I in a kind of
cock clucking anyway have a good one
guys thanks for stopping in if you guys
knew the channel hit that subscribe
button post content daily lots of Call
of Duty lots of black ops 2 modern
warfare 2 on Tuesdays and that's about
it have a good one again and yeah
greetings from Hawaii hopefully I'm
having fun and I'm not getting to a
sunburn will catch you guys later